## SSE Utility Score:  
SDNist provides higher order distributional similarity comparison using the k-marginal edit distance similarity score [7, 12, 13]. This compares the target data and deidentified data densities across k-marginal queries, with a maximum score of 1000 indicating identical data sets. The report provides overall and and per-PUMA 3-marginal scores. To aid interpretation, the Subsample Equivalent (SSE) score provides a comparison to edit distance induced by sampling error. A k-marginal score with an ES of 15% is about as dissimilar from the target data as a data set created by uniformly randomly discarding 85% of the target data.
## Unique Exact Match Privacy Score:  
Privacy protection can be considered empirically, or formally. For techniques with parameterized guarantees (such as differential privacy or k-anonyimity) we include parameter values in their metadata. However, any technique (including DP) may have catastrophic privacy failures. The Unique Exact Match (UEM) metric is a measure of unambiguous privacy leakage applicable to all deidentification techniques; it simply counts the percentage of unique individuals in the target data who remain present unaltered in the deidentified data. Being unique, these individuals are more vulnerable to reidentification; being unaltered, this reidentification may not be difficult.  For example, a simple differentially private hisotgram technique with weak guarantee ε = 10 can reproduce its input data nearly exactly without violating DP. The UEM metric allows us to identify when one technique is performing very badly on privacy, or identify when one technique is performing significantly worse than another. Because UEM doesn’t test non-trivial reidentification attacks, it cannot be used to determine whether a technique provides good privacy, or which of two similarly performing techniques is best.