# CRC DATA AND METRIC BUNDLE

## Version 1.3
* Fix path lengths to be less than 200 characters for Windows compatibility.
  * Shorten the path of the report directories. Reports directories now start with letters 'r_'
  * Shorten the path of files and directories inside each report directory.
  * Update index file to have updated paths for each report in the 'report path' column.
* Renamed tumult_dphist (in deid_data directory) to tumult_analytics_dphist to avoid the impression that this 
deid data is created or submitted by Tumult Labs.
  * Update all label files inside tumult_analytics_dphist directory to use 'tumult analytics' as the 
library name instead of 'tumult'.
  * Labels files already mention that these files are generated by Team CRC and not by Tumult Labs.
  * Update index file to have updated library name, and paths to deid data, labels and reports.
  * Update reports to have updated deid data labels.
  
## Version 1.2
* Added new deid datasets:
  * aifairness_smote
  * aindo_synth_Aindo
  * anonos_sdk_Anonos
  * rsynthpop_ipf
  * smartnoise_aim
  * ydata_fabric_synthesizers_YData
  * ydata_synthetic_ctgan_DCAICommunity
* Update index.csv to contain new deid data files.
* Change library name of subsample deid data to: subsample
* Fixes to the notebooks.
* Freeze versions in requirements.txt.


## Version 1.1
* Added tutorial ipython notebooks for demonstrating the use of **crc data and metric bundle**.
    * Notebook0: Basic introduction notebook.
    * Notebook1: K-marginal barplot notebook.
    * Notebook2: Imposter plot notebook.
    * Notebook3: Race distribution notebook.
    * Notebook4: Privacy utility tradeoff notebook.
* Updated deid_data:
    * Added new deid data samples for *sdcmicro_k_anonymity* and *sdcmicro_pram*.
    * Added new deid data samples: *subsample_1pcnt* and *subsample_5pcnt*.
    * Created new SDNIST evaluation reports for all the deid data samples. New SDNIST evaluation reports:
        * Added explanatory text to inconsistencies and UEM metric, fixed typographic errors, improved formatting in privacy section, renamed 'k-marginal breakdown' to 'worst-performing PUMA breakdown' and adjusted json structure accordingly.
        * Improved readability of propensity image
        * Fixed feature space size in UEM
        * Fixed deid percentage in UEM metric
        * Added 1% and 5% sampling error on the k-marginal
        * More detailed variant labels including new columns to align with index csv

* Updated *index.csv* file:
    * Added new deid data samples in the index.
    * Updated index file data columns.
* Updated *diverse_communities_data_excerpts*.
    * Updated *INDP* feature description in *data_dictionary.json*.